Create rule S6534: Numbers should not lose precision (#1653)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6534/javascript/rule.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Not necessary, but since we are trying to educate users with the new format, we could give a general context about number representations in computers in general and the hardware limits that impact programming languages and number manipulations. WDYT?

(Feel free to ignore it if you feel it's unnecessary).

Reviewer 2: I was lazy to paraphrase a definition of 64-bit FP representation

// If you want to factorize the description uncomment the following line and create the file.
//include::../description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

> Numbers in JavaScript are stored as 64-bit floating-point. Numbers that can't be expressed in such a format get rounded before assigning them to a variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Numbers in JavaScript are stored as 64-bit floating-point. However, numbers that can't be represented in such a format get rounded before assigning them to a variable.
```

=== What is the potential impact?

> When you are saving a number that is too big or contains a fraction that is not expressible in the 64-bit floating-point format, it gets rounded which will lead to errors when it will be used.

Reviewer: What do you mean by error? Is there a runtime error? An unexpected behaviour?

Reviewer 2: yes

== How to fix it

> 

Reviewer: Shouldn't we describe how to fix the issue with a sentence or two?

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,javascript]
----
const foo = 2312123211345545367
const bar = 0.123456789123456789
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,javascript]
----
const foo = BigInt(2312123211345545367)

> // use a library like decimal.js for storing numbers containing lots of decimal digits

Reviewer: I am not sure whether it's a good idea to promote a particular library to the detriment of another. Given the stars and the weekly downloads, I guess it's okay.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I wasn't so sure about this one either. I'd like to discuss this.

Reviewer 2: I'll remove "lots of digits".

----

=== How does this work?

> JavaScript numbers are stored in a double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754. There are limits to what can be stored in this format both in huge numbers as in numbers with lots of decimal digits.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a link to some references about the IEEE 754 format.

Reviewer 2: is wikipedia OK?

> JavaScript numbers are stored in a double-precision 64-bit binary format IEEE 754. There are limits to what can be stored in this format both in huge numbers as in numbers with lots of decimal digits.

Reviewer: I feel that this whole section is repeating what is mentioned in `Why is this an issue?`, isn't it?

When attempting to store a number that can not be represented in this format into a variable, the number gets rounded before storage.

//=== Pitfalls

//=== Going the extra mile

== Resources

=== Documentation

> * https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number[Number page on Mozilla documentation]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number[MDN Number]
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion since I did that for a previous rule (see the resource section of [S6534](https://sonarsource.github.io/rspec/#/rspec/S6534/javascript)).
